RBArtMan -- RedBubble Art Manager Tool for Windows
==================================================

RBArtMan is a small utility for Windows that lets Windows users (who can't
or won't install ruby) download and export lists of their RedBubble art,
much like getrbart does. The tool is still in the early days of development
but you're welcome to download it and have a play.

The application requires that you have a reasonable Microsoft Windows
machine and that it has the .NET framework v2 installed (don't worry if you
don't know if you've got it, or not, the installer should let you know).

I'm afraid that I don't have any comprehensive instructions on how to use
the application right at this moment - I will address that issue at some
point soon. To get you started try the following (assuming you've got the
application installed and running):

Select File >> New. Where you see User ID enter your RedBubble user ID (not
your screen name, your user ID, the ID that appears in your RedBubble
profile's URL). Select Art >> Download and watch and wait. A list of your
art should download (it might take a while if you've got lots of art). Once
that's done you've got a list of all your art on RedBubble. Save your
document and then explore the Art menu.

The most useful facility is probably Art >> Export >> HTML. This will
generate a set of very basic HTML files that contain code that could be used
in the pages of your own website (if you've got one). Think of this as a
variation on the Sell your work on your own website code you'll find in the
promote tab in your RedBubble profile. The code I produce is (currently)
very basic but it should be enough to get you started (and it does have the
advantage of including all your public art, not just the first 12 items).

Visit http://www.davep.org/misc/RBArtMan/ to download an installer for the
application.

If you've got any questions please don't hesitate to drop me a line and I'll
do my best to try and help out.

This RedBubble hack is brought to you by Dave Pearson.

Please note: This isn't associated with RedBubble. RedBubble don't endorse
this, there's no connection. It's just a hack to make life a little easier.
